Editorial pass on v4 (#359)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/connectors/redis.md

# Redis/Valkey

This connector simplifies accessing [Redis](https://redis.io/) databases.

> [!NOTE]

> > Redis has been updated to [Valkey](https://valkey.io/topics/migration/).

Reviewer: Agreed - this is awkward. I changed it several times, and I am still not keen on it.
I thought at first it was renaming, but as I was working on it, I realized that you're right -- both still exist, and a migration is necessary to get to Valkey.
I like your wording (it's a fork of Redis) much better.

### Configure connection string

The available connection string parameters for Redis are described in [StackExchange.Redis](https://stackexchange.github.io/StackExchange.Redis/Configuration.html).

> The following example `appsettings.json` uses the Redis docker container referred to earlier:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example `appsettings.json` works with either docker container referred to earlier:
```
I don't know if this is actually true or not

### Configure connection string

The available connection string parameters for Redis are described in [StackExchange.Redis](https://stackexchange.github.io/StackExchange.Redis/Configuration.html).

> The following example `appsettings.json` uses the docker container used earlier:

Reviewer: This is even less concrete than the other "mentioned" phrases because "one of" is not specific.
In this case, the next line probably clears it up, but even momentary reader confusion is bad.
